, this is a strange trend  To go
to Hong Kong, when your city yeah, in the Mong.  On then shrink back down
when this, it turns out that is so, that is, many no longer need
here such a shop, the street small see see melon can be like this
, so this you will see the situation in Hong Kong
Say it.  Now, there is no business doing this in these shops at all,
so yeah, you found that in short, on this one retail industry this is
constantly summer.  You go around, you see more and more common, and there
are many so-called open doors to do business shops this, in fact,
are some very no
shops come so like this, before it was such a selling peak
Now sell those electronic parts like that, big,
that is, there is a battery, or what your mobile phone case, such
things, in the mainland those a few cents of paper, two or three
Hong Kong to sell goods
D money like this, so ah this d so good, let him
rent so ten percent nothing happened so ah called alas, last day rent so you try to try try it